It is not how long but how well we live that matters.
Jeremiah Say
Life is not a solo but a chorus. We live in relationships from cradle to grave.
Anon.
Life is worth living better than most men live it.
Anon.
Live your best, and act your best, and think your best each day, for there may be no
tomorrows.
Anon.
Everything in life is a test of character.
John Blanchard
Life ought not merely to contain acts of worship, it should be an act of worship.
John Blanchard
Be such a man, and live such a life, that if every man were such as you, and every life
a life like yours, this earth would be God’s paradise.
Phillips Brooks
The quality of life is more important than life itself.
Alexis Carrel
Life is too short to be small.
Benjamin Disraeli
The man who regards his own life and that of his fellow creatures as meaningless is
not merely unfortunate but almost disqualified for life.
Albert Einstein
What makes life dreary is absence of motive. What makes life complicated is
multiplicity of motive. What makes life victorious is singleness of motive.
George Eliot
Life is not measured by length but by depth. Birthdays tell us how long we have been
on the road, not how far we have travelled.
Vance Havner
Every man’s life is his opportunity of doing that which will make for him in eternity.
Matthew Henry
Sow an action and you reap a habit; sow a habit and you reap a character; sow a
character and you reap a destiny.
William James
The most important thing in life is to live your life for something more important
than your life.
William James
The end of life is not to be happy, nor to achieve pleasure and avoid pain, but to do
the will of God, come what may.
Martin Luther King
Make sure the thing you are living for is worth dying for.
Charles Mayes
The seven ages of man: spills, drills, thrills, bills, ills, pills, wills.
Richard J. Needham
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
William Osler
The whole of life is a test, a trial of what is in us, so arranged by God himself.
William S. Plumer
We are not so to live as if we had nothing but a body.
J. C. Ryle
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you
find out why.
Mark Twain
We should employ our passions in the service of life, not spend life in the service of
our passions.
Richard Steele
Let us live as people who are prepared to die, and die as people who are prepared to
live.
James S. Stewart
Let us endeavour so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be
sorry.
Mark Twain
No one can live well until they can die well.
David Watson
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.
George Whitefield
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we
live.
Norman Cousins
Life can only be enjoyed as one acquires a true perspective of life and death and of
the real purpose of life.
Spiros Zodhiates
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Albert Einstein
Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love. That’s it.
Naval Ravikant
Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose
instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Roy T. Bennett
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset
you.
Stephanie Perkins
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and
change the ending.
C.S. Lewis
You couldn’t relive your life, skipping the awful parts, without losing what made it
worthwhile. You had to accept it as a whole–like the world, or the person you loved.
Stewart O’Nan
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.
Gary Keller
See: it’s a never-ending upward spiral. And if you think at any point you’re allowed to
stop climbing, I’m afraid you’re missing the point. Because the joy is in the climb
itself.
Mark Manson
Don’t be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don’t have to live forever,
you just have to live.
Natalie Babbitt